AC-1394 Review Glue API backend docs (#1269)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/glue-api-guides/202204.0/glue-backend-api/how-to-guides/how-to-document-glue-api-endpoints.md

**PaymentMethodsByCheckoutDataResourceRelationshipPlugin**

```php
/**
 * @Glue({
 *     "resourceAttributesClassName": "\\Generated\\Shared\\Transfer\\RestPaymentMethodsAttributesTransfer"
 * })
 *
 * @method \Spryker\Glue\PaymentsRestApi\PaymentsRestApiFactory getFactory()
 */
class PaymentMethodsByCheckoutDataResourceRelationshipPlugin extends AbstractPlugin implements ResourceRelationshipPluginInterface
{
```

{% info_block infoBox %}

Always check the schema your resources are described with before releasing your resource.

{% endinfo_block %}

The following table lists descriptions of the properties you can use in the annotations:

| PROPERTY | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- |
| `deprecated` | Path is marked deprecated. |
| `responseAttributesClassName` | Transfer is used as a representation of the response attributes. |
| `isIdNullable` | JSON:API response `id` is null. |
| `path` | Resource is available on the path. This property can be used if the *type+id* is not the path the resource uses. |
| `summary` | Path's summary that briefly describes what the endpoint does. |
| `parameters` | List of parameters the endpoint accepts. |

> | `isEmptyResponse` | Fag used to mark endpoint that return empty responses. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `isEmptyResponse` | Flag used to mark endpoint that return empty responses. |
```

{
```

{% info_block infoBox %}

Always check the schema your resources are described with before releasing your resource.

{% endinfo_block %}

The following table lists descriptions of the properties you can use in the annotations:

| PROPERTY | DESCRIPTION |
| --- | --- |
| `deprecated` | Path is marked deprecated. |
| `responseAttributesClassName` | Transfer is used as a representation of the response attributes. |
| `isIdNullable` | JSON:API response `id` is null. |
| `path` | Resource is available on the path. This property can be used if the *type+id* is not the path the resource uses. |
| `summary` | Path's summary that briefly describes what the endpoint does. |
| `parameters` | List of parameters the endpoint accepts. |

> | `isEmptyResponse` | Fag used to mark endpoint that return empty responses. |

Reviewer: Flag? Endpoints?

> | `responses` | List responses the endpoint can respond with. The object must contain key-value pairs with HTTP codes as key, and desciption as value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `responses` | List possible responses of endpoint. The object must contain key-value pairs with HTTP codes as key, and description as value. |
```

### Extending the behavior

The following interfaces can be used to add more data to the generated documentation.

> * The `Spryker\Glue\DocumentationGeneratorApiExtension\Dependency\PluginApiApplicationProviderPluginInterface` interface: Adds a new application to which the documentation will get generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `Spryker\Glue\DocumentationGeneratorApiExtension\Dependency\PluginApiApplicationProviderPluginInterface` interface: Adds a new application for which documentation will get generated.
```

* The `Spryker\Glue\DocumentationGeneratorApiExtension\Dependency\Plugin\ContextExpanderPluginInterface` interface: Adds information to the documentation generation context.

> * The `Spryker\Glue\DocumentationGeneratorApiExtension\Dependency\Plugin\SchemaFormatterPluginInterface` interface: Formats the part of the documentation and must return an array of data ready for getting converted to YAML.

Reviewer: data that is ready for getting converted to YAML?

Author: This is the question for Ahmed as well
